La Madelon.
I'll be true to the whole regiment.
Famous French military song.
This is Braves Saint-Mouton, Mafia de Louisiana, USA.
All right.
Pour le repos, le plaisir du militaire, il est là bas au bord de la forêt.
A house covered by lierre At the tomb of the castle The servant is young and gentle Léger like a paper Like his eyes on a pet We call him the Madeleine
Nous y rêvons la nuit, nous y pensons le jour Ce n'est que Madeleine, mais pour nous c'est l'amour Fort Madeleine vient nous porter à boire Sous la tonnerre en frôle sans jupons
And Jacob tells him a story, a story to his son.
The Madelon is not for us, it's vert.
When we take the size of the car, and we cry, it's all for us, it's vert.
Madelon, Madelon, Madelon, pam pam pam pam pam pam.